## NEET Testline Assignment

Provided with 3 different JSON APIs for Reteriving the data
 
- [Quiz API](https://www.jsonkeeper.com/b/LLQT)
- [Response API](https://api.jsonserve.com/rJvd7g)
- [Historical Data](https://api.jsonserve.com/XgAgFJ)

All the Insights and results are present in the [Result file](Result.md)

### Exploring the data
The first step is to understand the response generated by the given API.

#### QuizAPI
First I am starting understanding the [QuizAPI](QuizAPI.ipynb) response

Then Making a dataFrame of the qustions present in the response so that we can use the features of Pandas for analyisng the data

Merged all the options with the question in a splitted format so that all the information which is present can be accessed and utilized at a single go.

Selecting the required cols for the analysis purpose and ignoring the extra columns. 

After this process we have the required data for the quiz that can be analysed and insights can be generated from the data.

#### Quiz Submission Or Response API
After getting the required data from the Quiz API now analysing the Quiz Sumbission Data on the [Response](ResponseAPI.ipynb) file and here we will be using the df that we generated for the quiz data. For this creating a function which shall return the dataframe of interest.

This API provides most of the information like accuracy and the correct answer, total score, ranks and other details.<br>
Here we can use the resposnse map to get more insight of the student performance.

We will be mapping the resposnses to the quiz questions map and try to get he details like the difficulty of the questions that were answers correctly, incorrectly, topics of those questions and other details.

Fist step is to seprate the questions which were marked correctly and incorrectly.

Now when we have the list of question_ids which are correct and incorrect we can track the details like Topice wise and difficulty wise segregation.

**We are getting following insights**
- Which question were correct and were incorrect, making a bar chart to viz the frequncy of the question
- Comparing the topics with the amount of questions correct and were wrong
- Comparing the Difficulty level wise the amount of questions correct and were wrong

To make the vizualization we need the data in long format, which is obtained using `melt` funciton.

